.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Pull Request Template


# Link issue
[For multiple issues see [here](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue)]

Fix https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2103T-T14-4/tp/issues/47

## Type
- [ ] Feature
- [ ] Bug fix
- [ ] Doc update
- [ ] Test update
- [ ] Refactor

## Description
[What is done?]

## Git conventions
- [ ] Every commit must have a well-written commit message subject line.
- [ ] Use the imperative mood in the subject line.
- [ ] Capitalize the first letter of the subject line.
- [ ] Do not end the subject line with a period.
- [ ] Commit messages for non-trivial commits should have a body giving details of the commit.

## Code quality
- [ ] Logging
- [ ] Exceptions
- [ ] Assertions
- [ ] Defensive coding
- [ ] Booleans sound like booleans
- [ ] SLAP
- [ ] Code duplications
- [ ] Checkstyle warnings

## Testing
- [ ] Unit
- [ ] System
- [ ] Acceptance

[What is done?]

## UG quality
- [ ] Visuals
- [ ] Examples
- [ ] Messiness

## DG quality
- [ ] Description are high-level
- [ ] UML diagrams correct notation
- [ ] No large chunk of code
- [ ] Missing use cases

## Process
- [ ] Milestones
- [ ] Releases
- [ ] Tracked issues
- [ ] PRs and reviews

Commit message:

Add links and plagiarism section

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Pull Request Template

## Link issue
[For multiple issues see [here](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue)]

Fix https://github.com/AY2425S2-CS2103T-T14-4/tp/issues/47

## Type
- [ ] Feature
- [ ] Bug fix
- [ ] Doc update
- [ ] Test update
- [ ] Refactor

## Description
[What is done?]

## Plagiarism
- [ ] Own work
- [ ] AI generated; I changed and tested the code
- [ ] Other's work; I quoted authors in code

## Git conventions
[See [here](https://se-education.org/guides/conventions/git.html#commit-message-body)]
- Every commit must have a well-written commit message subject line.
- Use the imperative mood in the subject line.
- Capitalize the first letter of the subject line.
- Do not end the subject line with a period.
- Commit messages for non-trivial commits should have a body giving details of the commit.

- [ ] Check here to confirm

## Process
- Milestones
- Releases
- Tracked issues
- PRs and reviews

- [ ] Check here to confirm

## Code quality
- [ ] Logging
- [ ] Exceptions
- [ ] Assertions
- [ ] Defensive coding
- [ ] Booleans sound like booleans
- [ ] SLAP
- [ ] Code duplications
- [ ] Checkstyle warnings

## Testing
- [ ] Unit
- [ ] System
- [ ] Acceptance

[What is done?]

## UG quality
- [ ] Visuals
- [ ] Examples
- [ ] Messiness

## DG quality
- [ ] Description are high-level
- [ ] UML diagrams correct notation
- [ ] No large chunk of code
- [ ] Missing use cases
